Update README and create new example software repo (#221)
carpentries-incubator/fair-research-software: README.md

This short course is teaching tools and practices for producing and sharing quality, 
sustainable and [FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable) research software](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01710-x)
to support open and reproducible research. 

The lesson uses the [the example code that **does not** follow good research software practices](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/better-software-project)

> and gradually gets improved over the course of this lesson following the good software practices we teach. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and gradually improves the lesson over the course following the good software practices we teach. 
```

The better code and software project the lesson finishes with can be found at [the final branch of the example code repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/better-software-project/tree/final).

The course can be delivered over 2 full or 4 half days.

> The accompanying [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KahaD7EGxJWXaCDKWAG6Wva4a9zo9Lp-qFyyofgM0vw/edit?usp=sharing) to aid with course delivery are also available.

Reviewer: not related to this but maybe we should put the slides in a version control friendly format and include them in the lesson?
